docs: Add npx command for invoking Rome (#1061)
romefrontend/rome: website/src/_includes/docs/getting-started.md

## Getting Started

> ### Installation and quickstart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Installation and Usage
```

> ### Installation and Quick Start

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Installation and quick start
```

Author: Done

#### [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/):

```bash
yarn add rome
yarn rome init
```

#### [npm/npx](https://www.npmjs.com/):

```bash
npx rome init
```

> This:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After these commands, Rome will:
```

Reviewer 3: > 

will -> future grammer poses an issue. this sentence should be:

`Using `npx rome init`, this is the following outcome:`

Reviewer 2: Any grammar suggestions are more than welcome! Thank you!!

Author: Done!

> After running this command, Rome:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After running this command, Rome will:
```

> - Installs Rome locally and also adds it to `package.json`

Reviewer 3: Install*

> - Installs Rome locally and also adds it to `package.json`

Reviewer 3: and adds* - no need for also.

Author: Done

> - Iexecute a self-installation by adding itself to the `package.json` as dependency of your project (if there's a `package.json` already)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add itself to `package.json` as dependency if it wasn't present, and run your package manager to install
```

> - Installs Rome locally and also adds it to `package.json`
> - Generates project configuration which will create a `.config` directory and place a `rome.rjson` inside of it that contains your project config.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- execute a self-installtion by adding itself to the `package.json` as dependency of your project (if there's a `package.json` already);
- generate the configuration file inside `.config` directory. The configuration file is called `rome.rjson`.
```

Reviewer 3: Generates a project configuration which creates `.config` folder, with `rome.rjson` which serves as a project config.

Author: Done

> - Generates a project configuration which creates `.config` folder, with `rome.rjson` which serves as a project config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generate `.config/rome.rjson` that serves as your project config.
```
